The best way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.
It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up.
If you are working on something exciting, it will keep you motivated.
Success is not in what you have, but who you are.
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny.
Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.
Creativity is intelligence having fun.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it.
Dream bigger. Do bigger.
Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done.
Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction.
Little things make big days.
It’s going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible.
Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it.
Sometimes we’re tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths.
The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles.
Dream it. Wish it. Do it.
Great things never come from comfort zones.
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.
Success doesn’t just find you. You have to go out and get it.
The harder you work, the luckier you get.
Success is what happens after you have survived all your mistakes.
You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
Don’t limit your challenges. Challenge your limits.
Failure is not the opposite of success; it’s part of success.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Opportunities don’t happen. You create them.
Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day-in and day-out.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Believe you can and you’re halfway there.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
Don’t wait for the right opportunity, create it.
Your limitation—it’s only your imagination.
Sometimes later becomes never. Do it now.
Great things take time.
Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.
Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise.
Success isn’t always about greatness. It’s about consistency.
Don’t stop until you’re proud.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get.
To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.
Success isn’t owned, it’s leased. And rent is due every day.
Success means doing the best we can with what we have.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal.
You don’t have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
Success is not about how much money you make; it’s about the difference you make in people’s lives.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
The secret to success is to know something nobody else knows.
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
It always seems impossible until it’s done.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
