The best way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.
It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up.
If you are working on something exciting, it will keep you motivated.
Success is not in what you have, but who you are.
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny.
Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.
Creativity is intelligence having fun.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it.
Dream bigger. Do bigger.
Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done.
Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction.
Little things make big days.
It’s going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible.
Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it.
Sometimes we’re tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths.
The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles.
Dream it. Wish it. Do it.
Great things never come from comfort zones.
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.
Success doesn’t just find you. You have to go out and get it.
The harder you work, the luckier you get.
Success is what happens after you have survived all your mistakes.
You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
Don’t limit your challenges. Challenge your limits.
Failure is not the opposite of success; it’s part of success.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Opportunities don’t happen. You create them.
Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day-in and day-out.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Believe you can and you’re halfway there.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
Don’t wait for the right opportunity, create it.
Your limitation—it’s only your imagination.
Sometimes later becomes never. Do it now.
Great things take time.
Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.
Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise.
Success isn’t always about greatness. It’s about consistency.
Don’t stop until you’re proud.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get.
To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.
Success isn’t owned, it’s leased. And rent is due every day.
Success means doing the best we can with what we have.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal.
You don’t have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
Success is not about how much money you make; it’s about the difference you make in people’s lives.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
The secret to success is to know something nobody else knows.
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
It always seems impossible until it’s done.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
Believe in yourself and all that you are.
Every day is a second chance.
Push yourself because no one else is going to do it for you.
Success doesn’t come from what you do occasionally, it comes from what you do consistently.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction.
Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it.
Great things never come from comfort zones.
Dream it. Wish it. Do it.
Don’t stop until you’re proud.
The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it.
Discipline is doing what needs to be done even if you don’t want to do it.
You are capable of amazing things.
Little things make big days.
Your only limit is your mind.
Stay positive. Work hard. Make it happen.
Don’t limit your challenges. Challenge your limits.
Push harder than yesterday if you want a different tomorrow.
It’s going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible.
Success is what comes after you stop making excuses.
The best view comes after the hardest climb.
You didn’t come this far to only come this far.
Strive for progress, not perfection.
If it doesn’t challenge you, it won’t change you.
Be stronger than your excuses.
Success doesn’t just find you. You have to go out and get it.
Sometimes later becomes never. Do it now.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Make today so awesome yesterday gets jealous.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Act like what you do makes a difference. It does.
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
Keep going. Everything you need will come to you at the perfect time.
Work hard in silence. Let success make the noise.
Don’t tell people your plans. Show them your results.
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
Failure is not the opposite of success, it’s part of success.
Small steps every day.
Stay humble. Work hard. Be kind.
You are your only limit.
A little progress each day adds up to big results.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Your future is created by what you do today, not tomorrow.
Don’t wish for it. Work for it.
Dream big. Start small. Act now.
Be so good they can’t ignore you.
You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Opportunities don’t happen. You create them.
If you get tired, learn to rest, not to quit.
Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Don’t count the days, make the days count.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Your only competition is who you were yesterday.
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles.
It always seems impossible until it’s done.
Start small. Think big.
Never give up on something you really want.
The best dreams happen when you’re awake.
Be the energy you want to attract.
One day or day one. You decide.
It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up.
You don’t have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
Stars can’t shine without darkness.
Believe in your infinite potential.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Make each day your masterpiece.
Turn your dreams into plans.
Hustle in silence and let your success make the noise.
Don’t fear failure. Fear being in the same place next year.
Don’t wait. The time will never be just right.
Your dreams don’t work unless you do.
Create a life you can’t wait to wake up to.
When nothing goes right, go left.
You are braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem.
Set goals. Stay quiet about them. Smash them. Clap for yourself. Repeat.
When you feel like quitting, think about why you started.
If you want to fly, give up everything that weighs you down.
Success doesn’t come to you, you go to it.
You didn’t wake up today to be mediocre.
Do it with passion or not at all.
Doubt is a killer. You just have to know who you are and what you stand for.
Everything you can imagine is real.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
Progress is progress, no matter how small.
Be fearless in the pursuit of what sets your soul on fire.
Start before you’re ready.
You’re not tired. You’re uninspired.
Don’t downgrade your dream just to fit your reality.
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.
Rise up. Start fresh. See the bright opportunity in each new day.
Success is not for the lazy.
Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.
The dream is free, but the hustle is sold separately.
Be the type of person you want to meet.
You were born to be real, not perfect.
If you’re going through hell, keep going.
You’re capable of more than you know.
Make it happen. Shock everyone.
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn’t work hard.
Work while they sleep. Learn while they party. Live like they dream.
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.
